
# Spotivelte (A Sveltekit Spotify Clone)

In an effort to learn Svelte component framework and SvelteKit ("the Next.js of Svelte"), this is a Spotify clone made utilizing their framework.  Initially it will be a pure clone as features are built, however the plan is to customize (and hopefully improve) the experience as development progresses.

## Cloning

You're free to clone it if you want to.  Obviously I have stripped out environment variables.  You can find the ones you need to put in your .env folder in the root directory below:

```bash
BASE_URL=http://localhost:5173
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID=axxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET=8XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXf
SPOTIFY_BASE_URL=https://api.spotify.com/v1
```

## Progress

Currently I have finished basic authorization using Spotify API with their pkce option.  The app requests user authentication and returns to a callback API that uses a state generated by randomBytes and pkce for the challenge code and verifier to request an access token and refresh token.  When received they are stored in the users cookies as HTTP so they can only be accessed server-side.  

## What's next?

With the basic authentication flow working and root css variables in place I'm going to start work on creating a login page and the necessary components and assets that go along with it.  I've found that starting with the login page leads to getting a few key components made that are generally widely used throughout the app.

##### Any pertinent information for cloning and running the app will be put here.  As soon as I get a couple *mostly* working pages I'll start deploying snapshots to Vercel or CloudFlare pages.  
